every city block probably has a
raccoon living on it and people
very rarely see them are or even
know that they're these animals
have adapted to urban living in
a way makes them common and
present in almost every major
urban complex throughout the
United States and a lot of
Canada their tremendous adapting
they have manual dexterity
almost equivalent to that of a
primate they're intelligent
they're omnivores they can eat
lots of different foods these
animals live in our buildings
that go on our roofs they
figured out how to cope with
these environments it just as
well or better than they used to
do in the wilderness they even
go into the sewer system get
away from traffic and people and
can move for considerable
distances using those tunnels so
a record wants to live in a city
because this is good habitat for
them
truth is the whole bunch of
different species have begun to
use cities because they're
adapting their figuring it out
and then moving it if you walk
up Mount st. Helens and you look
down into the crater but you'll
see as a baby volcano growing
within their